The last time I checked, it was 99,550 USD
Just over 19.81 million
Satoshi Nakamoto - that entity holds exactly 1.1 million
Satoshi Nakamoto is the so-called creator of Bitcoin. The identity of Satoshi remains a mystery. Many speculate it to be the CIA, or an individual.
BlackRock, Microstrategy, Grayscale, and the United States Government.
The German government is run by a bunch of fools. 50,000 Bitcoin was in possession, but they sold at an average of 53,000 USD per Bitcoin. Had they waited 4 months, they would have sold for an extra 1.1 billion USD.
It's a store of value - people label it as "digital gold". However, its technology allows you to send any amount of money to another person across the world in ~30 minutes or less!
The United States Government is planning to purchase $76 billion worth of Bitcoin over the next 5 years. They are stockpiling to help combat inflation, and increase their store of value.
Ahh, the Bitcoin Pizza Day... This is when a Florida man (typical American) bought 2 pizzas' for a total of 10,000 Bitcoin in 2010. Had he held until now, he would be in a total profit of around 990 million USD. People celebrate this day for that reason.
Maybe it is, maybe it isn't - either way pay your taxes.
It would be a sensible option, but I do not give out financial advice, Sorry!
Yes, and by a landslide - it does not matter; SNP500, QQQ...
January 3, 2009
Not even a penny. 0.003 to be exact. If you waited even a year and bought 2 for $2, you would have made well over 200,000. That is if you could hold.
C++
"Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer Electronic Cash System"
1 Satoshi - it's a play on for the creator of it.
Store it in a hardware wallet inside a waterproof box and dig a hole in your backyard to put it in. That way, you won't feel the need to sell it!
Nothing is fully private. However, every transaction is registered onto the Blockchain. Once a transaction is recorded, it's immutable. This is what is meant by privacy.
Yes and no. The best analogy I can give is similar to 10 people in a room placing a $20 bill on the table, everyone walking out, then mixing the bills. You know other people have it, and you can see it, but you don't know who it belongs to.